well it does seem that no one in this
competition is safe but I have to let
the best dancer win and for me tonight
that was Kelly and Brenda Arlene who are
you going to save well despite there
being a little glitch in the
choreography I believe these people have
a strong chance of even winning this
competition a lesson was needed
hopefully was learned it's Kelly and
Brendon it's two Mills
so if Bruno saves you Kelly and Brendon
that means you are through Bruno well
this is is getting harder every week and
he's gonna get harder but this is a
dance competition I have to go for the
best dancer the dancer that will provide
more in the future as well and I believe
Kelly is that dancer
next week which means unfortunately John
did you agree with your other judge I
did see a small mistake from Kelly but
that aside I would have still put her
through yes sorry John
have you really enjoy a fantastic time
on the one time I tried to get my head
up I got the steps wrong you know I mean
I'm all thanks to Nicole cause she'd
been so patient with me
she's helped me so much she did great
such attention and all the time okay so
homeless only matter and your children
as such big fans of the show they wanted
you to do this are they proud of you
they'll tell me on the best in them
you